Initial attempt at scala automated comments for two-fer (#1148)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/scala/general/has_main_function.md

> Try removing the `Main` function from code, as the tests don't require them and they make the code slightly harder to read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the `Main` function, as the tests don't require them and they make the code slightly harder to read.
```
